# vechicle-number-plate-detector
vechicle-number-plate-detector

# installation required files

pip install opencv-python

pip install opecv-contrib-python

# autotools (LINUX/UNIX , msys...)

https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tesseract/blob/main/INSTALL.GIT.md

If you have cloned Tesseract from GitHub, you must generate the configure script.

If you have tesseract 4.0x installation in your system, please remove it before new build.

You need Leptonica 1.74.2 (minimum) for Tesseract 4.0x.

Known dependencies for training tools (excluding leptonica):

    compiler with c++11 support
    automake
    pkg-config
    pango-devel
    cairo-devel
    icu-devel

So, the steps for making Tesseract are:

$ ./autogen.sh
$ ./configure
$ make
$ sudo make install
$ sudo ldconfig
$ make training
$ sudo make training-install

You need to install at least English language and OSD traineddata files to TESSDATA_PREFIX directory.

You can retrieve single file with tools like wget, curl, GithubDownloader or browser.

All language data files can be retrieved from git repository (useful only for packagers!). (Repository is huge - more that 1.2 GB. You do NOT need to download traineddata files for all languages).

$ git clone https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tessdata.git tesseract-ocr.tessdata

You need an Internet connection and curl to compile ScrollView.jar because the build will automatically download piccolo2d-core-3.0.1.jar and piccolo2d-extras-3.0.1.jar and jaxb-api-2.3.1.jar and place them to tesseract/java.

Just run:

$ make ScrollView.jar

and follow the instruction on Viewer Debugging.
CMAKE

There is alternative build system based on multiplatform cmake
LINUX

$ mkdir build
$ cd build && cmake .. && make
$ sudo make install

WINDOWS

See the documentation for more information on this. https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki

Tesseract installer for Windows https://tesseract-ocr.github.io/tessdoc/

Normally we run Tesseract on Debian GNU Linux, but there was also the need for a Windows version. That's why we have built a Tesseract installer for Windows.

WARNING: Tesseract should be either installed in the directory which is suggested during the installation or in a new directory. The uninstaller removes the whole installation directory. If you installed Tesseract in an existing directory, that directory will be removed with all its subdirectories and files.

The latest installers can be downloaded here:

    tesseract-ocr-w32-setup-v5.0.1.20220118.exe (32 bit) and
    tesseract-ocr-w64-setup-v5.0.1.20220118.exe (64 bit) resp.

We don't provide an installer for Tesseract 4.1 because we think that the latest version 5 is better for most Windows users in many aspects (functionality, speed, stability). Version 4.1 is only needed for people who develop software based on the Tesseract API and who need 100 % API compatibility with version 4.0.

There are also older versions available.

In addition, we also provide documentation which was generated by Doxygen.

https://digi.bib.uni-mannheim.de/tesseract/tesseract-ocr-w32-setup-v5.0.1.20220118.exe  - tesseract-ocr-w(32 bit)

https://digi.bib.uni-mannheim.de/tesseract/tesseract-ocr-w64-setup-v5.0.1.20220118.exe - tesseract-ocr-w(64 bit) 
